SPCTR-3177: Fix - Forms submit button padding not applied set in customizer (#3363)
brainstormforce/ultimate-addons-for-gutenberg: README.md

* Improvement: Forms - Safely removed older style implementation for child blocks.
* Improvement: Code - Improved Performance by optimizing apiFetch across the plugin.
* Improvement: Code - Improved code quality for passing React props.

> * Fix: Forms - Resolved an issue where submit button doesn't take the padding set in customizer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fix: Forms - Resolved an issue wherein the submit button would not take the padding set in the customizer.
```

Author: Done.

* Improvement: Forms - Safely removed older style implementation for child blocks.
* Improvement: Code - Improved Performance by optimizing apiFetch across the plugin.
* Improvement: Code - Improved code quality for passing React props.
* Fix: Forms - Resolved an issue where submit button doesn't take the padding set in customizer.

> ###

Reviewer 2: Is this extra `###`. If yes please remove

Author: @AbhijitNage123 that was coming from dev branch how ever removed in this branch, after merging version-bump PR this will be removed in dev as well.
